README.md, before:

# LaSalle Software's Laravel App Package

<p align="center">
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/lasallesoftware/ls-laravelapp-pkg"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/lasallesoftware/ls-laravelapp-pkg/v/stable.svg" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/lasallesoftware/ls-laravelapp-pkg"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/lasallesoftware/ls-laravelapp-pkg/license.svg" alt="License"></a>
<a href="https://laravel.com/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-v8-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Laravel v8.x"></a> 
</p>

Laravel application package for my LaSalle Software.

## Summary

This package is the Laravel Application (not the framework) transmuted into a package. 

The Laravel Application GitHub repository is at <a href="https://github.com/laravel/laravel">https://github.com/laravel/laravel</a>.

The entire point of this exercise is to update this package once, instead of updating all LaSalle Software apps, when the Laravel App is updated. 

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email Bob Bloom at "bob dot bloom at lasallesoftware dot ca" instead of using the issue tracker.

## License

LaSalle Software is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

As reference, there is a wonderful blog post called [The MIT License, Line by Line -- 171 words every programmer should understand](https://writing.kemitchell.com/2016/09/21/MIT-License-Line-by-Line.html).

Please note:
>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Links

* [Change Log](CHANGELOG.md)

Commit message:

Put the Laravel app version 8 into this package. #2

README.md, after:

# LaSalle Software's Laravel App Package

<p align="center">
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/lasallesoftware/ls-laravelapp-pkg"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/lasallesoftware/ls-laravelapp-pkg/v/stable.svg" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/lasallesoftware/ls-laravelapp-pkg"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/lasallesoftware/ls-laravelapp-pkg/license.svg" alt="License"></a>
<a href="https://laravel.com/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-v8-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Laravel v8.x"></a> 
</p>

Laravel application package for my LaSalle Software.

## Summary

This package is the Laravel Application (not the framework) transmuted into a package. 

The Laravel Application GitHub repository is at <a href="https://github.com/laravel/laravel">https://github.com/laravel/laravel</a>.

The purpose of packaging up the Laravel app is to simplify the exercise of updating LaSalle Software front-end and back-end apps to the latest Laravel version. 

See my online doc at <a href="http://lasallesoftware.ca/docs/v2/gettingstarted_laravelapp">http://lasallesoftware.ca/docs/v2/gettingstarted_laravelapp</a>.

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email Bob Bloom at "bob dot bloom at lasallesoftware dot ca" instead of using the issue tracker.

## License

LaSalle Software is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

As reference, there is a wonderful blog post called [The MIT License, Line by Line -- 171 words every programmer should understand](https://writing.kemitchell.com/2016/09/21/MIT-License-Line-by-Line.html).

Please note:
>THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Links

* [Change Log](CHANGELOG.md)
